---
layout: post
title: "What's New"
description: "Another few months without an update. Time to catch up and share what's been going on."
category: blog
image:
  feature: 
tags: [Etc., Website]
comments: true
share: true
---

And once again, I realize just how incredibly poor I am at blogging. For some reason, it's just something that's easy for me to put off while I work on other things. Anyways, here goes nothing.

The end of the year came with relative peace and quiet. [NOW Weather]({{ site.baseurl }}/now-weather/) launched pretty well. I haven't heard from anyone about any bugs or weird issues with the app, which meant I could turn my focus to some other things.

First I worked on a handful of open-source iOS components. I had a pretty good idea of what features I wanted to eventually add to NOW Weather, so I worked on some components that I would be able to drop in to help ease the load when I did decide to turn my attention back to improving the app. I figured that if I was going to do the work, I might as well try to make these components more generic, so that I could use them for other projects that might come up later. And if I was going to do that, I might as well put them on Github so that other people could use them, too. If you're interested and want to take a look, you can find them [here](http://github.com/kickstandapps/ksframework/).

Once that was done, I started doing some research on different technologies and frameworks for this website. Previously, I had been using a Wordpress site that I had customized. It worked pretty well, and I thought it didn't look too bad, but one thought always went through my mind. I was paying an aweful lot for hosting the website, considering the small number of people that ever happened to see it. And while Wordpress worked for me, it was definitely overkill.

I had previously stumbled across a web technology called [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com) and decided to give that a try. Jekyll creates a static website, rather than regenerating the entire thing for each new visitor. This is much simpler in pretty much every way, and was better suited to the simpler needs that I had. Also, Jekyll websites can be hosted for free on Github Pages. That was more than enough reason for me to switch. It's tough shelling out $120 a year for hosting when that's about all I made in app sales for the year. 

So I spent a couple months learning my way through Jekyll, and managed to put together the site you see before you. I'm pretty happy with it. It gave me a chance to learn some new skills and get more familiar with web technologies. And it's far easier for someone without a background in web development, such as myself, to manage and update as I see fit.

The site just launched less than a month ago, so please let me know what you think. I didn't have a chance to test it out on a large number of platforms and browsers, so if something looks a little off, let me know that, too.

So, now I can get back to working on some app development, and that's exactly what I've been doing. I've got some cool stuff that I'm cooking up, and I can't wait to show it off, but I'll save that for another post.
